right so you know I'm gonna have a full
LME video off of this little indie film
to cover all of my emotions while
watching it full spoilers of course but
this video is also full of spoilers if
you couldn't tell by the title because
you probably clicked this because you
just got done watching the movie you
feel like Hugo from lost when his dad
left them and your heart just hurts so
if you're looking for closure some
possible answers that's what I'm here
for so we can quickly break down this
ending and that way your whole weekend
doesn't feel like a funeral let me
explain so yeah almost everybody died
damn thing turned into a sequel of Left
Behind starring Nic Cage people were
disappearing left and right after
Daniels blew a fuse with that Infinity
Gauntlet and even in that after credits
scene showing Robin from How I Met Your
Mother and Nick Fury turning into fairy
dust before calling Captain Marvel on
that Bieber phone it leaves us all
wondering what the heck is happening or
all the characters really dead come on
now quit playing as we know Barney the
Titan over here is the purple Bill Gates
of this universe because he believes
that a mass genocide would help the
universe to be more peaceful since it
wouldn't be so populated you know it's
like he binge Dahl the purge movies so
that's what we're led to believe as he
sits in his hut down in Cuba enjoying
that sunset after a hard day's of work
but we all know that Feige has always
wanted to make his own version of Empire
Strikes Back and he finally gets it with
this ending so wipe away those tears as
I tell you why everything's gonna be
okay most of these dudes have sequels so
you know how like all the Guardians just
straight up disappeared well you know
they're not really the Avengers they
can't just add a new player for poker
night so their team has to come back
because they already got a third movie
coming out in 2020 Doctor Strange too
hasn't been confirmed but the director
and the writer are already working on a
sequel and remember they even set up
that post-credit scene for a future
villain and remember when strange
himself said in infinity war that he had
seen all of the possibilities and there
was one that they survived in which what
do you think we're watching in that
timeline strange has to give him the
stone since he tells Tony there was no
other way there was no other way meaning
in my theory that Thanos has to go down
this line in order to finally get
himself in that dream state where he
sees baby Gamora who he sacrificed who
he'll eventually regret and being that
it could be a new reality stone time
damn Deadpool coming out of a fourth
wall and rewriting the script
things gonna happen where everything is
gonna be redone and Thanos the most evil
person in the universe is gonna learn
his lesson I mean home he already cried
along a river then Justin Timberlake in
this movie spider-man already has a
sequel confirmed like literally Tom
Holland is already on the set because
this dude doesn't keep any secrets at
all and that movies coming out in 2019
black panther just broke box office
records fix race relationships for some
so him getting raptured come on he's
gonna have a second comment coming so
what we know is that since he got the
soul stone which is meant to control
souls and send them to a certain
dimension that's where you can probably
guess everybody is as they disintegrated
we also know that Adam warlock was
hinted in one of the 616 guardians to
endings and that he will eventually help
kill Thanos of they're going according
to the comics they even beeper Captain
Marvel at the end of the movie who's
going to have a movie next year it's
going to take place in the 90s it's
gonna feature a two-eyed Nick Fury and I
have a theory that it may be in another
dimension I mean she's been around since
the Fresh Prince time right if she was
found in the 90s so why hasn't she hoped
that at all why does Nick Fury need this
crazy Bieber thing if it isn't to reach
someone from another dimension the
multiverse is my theory as to how
they're not only gonna get back our
fallen heroes
hopefully snatch up some x-men but show
that that's been the plan all along that
they've been playing with timelines
since before Ironman and that the
biggest timeline that they've been
playing with this whole time has been
ours
I imagine that rather if they release a
movie and then like there's still a
30-minute after credits scene because
they already know how big it is in the
after credit scene becomes its own movie
thank you guys for checking out this
video as always let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section let me know if you like this
movie like I said we all know Avengers 4
is coming out next year supposed to be
in two parts freakin next year they're
not even taking a break in between them
it's coming out next year so doesn't
have a title I've been saying with the
whole Fox right deal and everything
going up there with my theory of
multiple dimensions
I hope they swoop them up and it becomes
I don't know maybe it Avengers vs. x-men
this whole thing I don't know what it
could be but that's my theory for those
of you who are worried about the people
who supposedly passed away they got
confirmed sequels they're already on set
don't even worry about it be just upset
that they left you with that clip